Hello everyone. Welcome back to I'm
Gonna Pack It. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back. We have
like I think all easy packs today. So, I
think this is going to go by fairly
quick.
>> Now, this this first thing we have a
media item and a non media item. So,
it's going to go non media.
>> It doesn't make that big of a difference
these days anyways.
>> Not really.
>> They've uh they've raised media mail to
the price.
that it's not a huge deal a lot of
times. Sometimes it is, but
>> right,
>> like we did ship some uh encyclopedias
the other day where media mail was a
pretty good bit cheaper than anything
else
>> because we broke it up into uh four
shipments. Yeah.
>> If it had been one huge heavy box, UPS
ground would have probably been the way.
>> You think?
>> Oh, yeah.
Those things were heavy all together.
All right, let's see.
As we film this um mid or midweek
packing day.
>> Yep.
>> And sales have been
>> I would say steady.
>> Sales have been pretty steady. They're
they're up and down a little bit, but
they're not quite as chaotic. Um, and
we've been listing we've been listing
pretty solid this week. That helps.
>> Yeah.
>> Getting lots of good new inventory up.
Um, okay. I'm ready.
Oh, new uh over on Lonnie and Ryan
podcast, there's a nude new not new
>> I need to watch that one. new podcast
that's out
um with John
from Popeye's Postcards
and he tells a story
about how he flew. There's, you know, I
don't want to spoil the whole thing,
man. He's got some great stories.
Really, really good guy, too. I I really
enjoyed that episode. Um,
but he does tell the story about the
time he flew
flew out to go buy a million postcards.
>> Wow.
>> He flew across the country. I think it
was across the country. I don't remember
where he flew to, but he had to get on a
plane.
>> Yeah.
>> Flew in,
had hired help from the other end to
help move the stuff around. rented a uh
truck a truck like one of those big I
guess a rider truck or something like
that
>> tall or something. Yeah.
>> And a big it was like one of the long
ones like 20 something feet long.
>> A million a million postcards. I can't
even imagine what that looks like.
>> I can't conceptualize it either. But
he's we did the math during it during
the show and I want to say it ends up
being
uh like four tons like 8,000 lbs of
carts.
>> Wow.
That's crazy.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. That's one thing we've never done
is uh flown for a pick.
>> No, we've driven
>> few hours.
>> We've driven pretty far before.
>> Oh, yeah. No, you did that big one in
what? Houston.
>> Yeah, when you were out of town.
>> Yeah, you went by yourself.
>> I drove to Houston and bought
of all things a big Funko Pop by
>> back in the Funko Pop heyday.
>> But no, these were special though. We
had like a bunch of like
>> autographed
>> a bunch of a bunch of pops that were
worth over over well over $100. Yeah.
>> You know, and bunch of autos and stuff
like Yeah.
>> And they had provenance with them. Yeah.
>> One of them was um Euan Euan Euan
McGregor.
>> McGregor. Yeah.
>> Euan.
>> They had a picture they had a picture of
him as he was signing the pop. had like
a poll or a picture of him and he did
not look that happy to have his picture
taken while he was signing it.
>> Yeah.
>> That's a shame.
I mean, what I mean is it's a shame that
cuz I we've watched a pretty good bit of
him. He has um
he has a series like several series on
Netflix. Huh.
>> The motorcycle.
>> Yep. where he travels. Uh, it's like
long way up, long way down,
>> long way around.
>> Yeah.
>> Is there any way we can get this under
three lbs?
>> Him and his buddy. Yeah, I'll look at
it. Him and his buddy Charlie
um,
go on these long motorcycle adventures.
>> Have like four or five of these series.
They're pretty good. They're
interesting.
>> Yeah, he's he seems like a really good
dude to me. He does. You and McGregor.
All right. What What am I doing? Yeah,
it'll save us $4 if you get that.
>> Yeah, I can get it in.
>> Yeah,
>> it was at what?
>> Actually, this is not going to save us,
>> right?
>> This will save our customer,
>> right? Exactly.
>> So, that's fine.
>> Well, actually, as it sat, it was
costing us like 60.
>> Was it?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, it is
>> So, it'll save both of us, us and the
customer.
>> Okay. I could definitely get it down. It
was uh they did they did two separate
orders so we combined shipment for them
and we refund the extra but and we like
to refund extra so
>> as much as we can anyways as long as
>> and we definitely don't want to have to
come out of our pocket.
>> No.
>> So no indeed.
>> We're going to get this under three
pounds and everybody will be happy.
>> Come out of our pocket. No indeed.
>> It happens.
>> I guess I go and do this one while
you're
>> Yep.
>> taking care of that. I'm just going to
kind of freehand this.
There's no problem here as far as like
basically I'm taking the uh
a little bit of extra void fill out.
Whoa.
And that'll get us there.
>> Yeah. Yeah. If you haven't seen any of
the Long Way series, they're good.
>> Yeah. They're not like they're kind of
slow moving and just kind of
>> It's interesting though cuz they go to
other countries and stuff. So, yeah.
>> Yeah.
It's a nice chill watch.
>> Yep.
>> I enjoyed it. There we go. I think I
think this should definitely be good.
Man, it's always kind of surprising to
me how much you have to take off. I know
>> on these to actually make a difference.
>> Oh yeah, we're good now.
Let's put a couple pieces here.
All right.
I should have checked it before
beforehand.
All right. I got some
eyeliner.
breathing,
>> man. What a what an operation, though.
Flying to another flying across the
country,
hiring people,
getting that truck loaded, and then
driving that sucker all the way home.
>> I know.
>> Then he had a million pieces of
inventory.
But um anyways, go go go check that
episode out y'all over on uh Lonnie and
Ryan podcast. It's
it was one of my favorite episodes. I
don't even I'm not going to pick
favorites and say, you know, out of
respect to all of our guests because I
appreciate them coming on,
but it's definitely in my uh
>> one of your top faves.
>> Yeah, I would say it's in my top three
right now. I really enjoyed it.
He had some great stories, too.
All right.
>> I guess this is okay. I dropped the
label. It's on there. eyed.
>> Yeah, it's weird. It'll be all right.
It's definitely weird.
>> Yeah.
>> Excuse me.
All right. I'm going to go ahead. And I
think I'm going to poly polyag these.
See why not. But I am going to put uh
use one of these bags like this.
Man, sweatpants are surprisingly bulky,
aren't they?
>> Especially those. Some are and some
aren't. Those are good quality.
>> These are thick.
>> Yeah, they're thick.
>> I could tell the I can tell they're
super warm.
>> Yeah.
Probably should keep you a pair, huh?
>> Yeah,
except uh Nah.
>> Nah,
>> nah. You know why?
>> Why?
>> I wasn't in the army.
>> Just the way around the house.
>> I know, but I don't I'm not going to
wear army paint. I mean, nothing. All
mad respect to the army. I mean, I'm
just Air Force.
Air Force. You can't wear it if it's not
even like
it's not any kind of hate or anything,
but
>> it would be disrespectful.
>> Uh, no. I don't I don't think so. But I
don't know. I just
>> So, you don't like the army?
>> Stop saying that.
>> No, I we actually work with the army a
lot
out in the field.
They always they they'd
make they they they'd kind of make fun
of us in a jealous fashion because we'd
roll up set all our stuff up, set up our
tents and and stuff and and then we'd
set up our uh air our ECUs
air conditioners and they'd be like,
"What is that?" Like, "That's our air
conditioner, man." It'd be it'd be like
100 100° during the day out in the
desert.
>> They thought that was pretty funny.
>> Yeah,
>> they were also a little jealous.
>> Tough old Air Force.
>> Some Some of them would like
>> Can you shave 006 off of that? I'm just
kidding.
>> I can't I can't do anything.
>> I'm choking.
>> She wants me to start doing magic
packing.
>> Yeah.
No, that's that is definitely is like
I'd have to start cutting a leg off of
the sweatpants or something to do that.
Yeah, the
we got along with the army guys pretty
good though. the um I do I do remember
some of them would like have some amount
of disdain for us, you know, because we
were spoiled or whatever. They call us
like chair force and stuff like that,
you know.
>> And uh but some of them
some of them we'd be talking to them and
they'd be like, "Man, I should have
joined the Air Force." Yeah,
>> they were good guys.
We were out in the field so much we were
more like army than air force anyways.
Like
what we did.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> What?
>> I opened the eBay and I know.
>> Look at all this AI. What the heck?
>> No, it's they're they're advertising
this
>> the live shows, but every one of them is
an AI image.
>> Yeah, it's ridiculous.
>> That is crazy.
>> It's ridiculous. Like, you know, if
you're going to have your little live
shows that your normal sellers can't
even participate in, whatever.
But, I mean, dang, give us a shot. As
soon as
as soon as you open it, it's like boom.
>> Yeah. Come buy some coins and sports
cards and stuff. like, man, get it.
Jeez,
getting kind of old.
Make a decision here. Yeah, I think I'm
going to send that in a vinyl mailer as
well.
I just bubble the heck out of it.
It's a good fit.
Isn't that obnoxious the way they
promote the live?
>> Yeah,
>> it's really obnoxious. I mean,
>> yeah, you can't participate, but we're
also going to make sure that like the
lives are first thing people face and
>> Oh, cool. I want to do that. Oh, sorry.
Invite only.
>> Yeah.
>> Come on, eBay. Really?
I'm sorry. I I that that
>> that's bad business. That's insulting
for me.
>> It's like they don't appreciate us.
>> It's insulting.
>> Yeah.
>> How much we got to pay to get above
that? Above the live,
>> right?
>> What we got to pay to get above the uh
>> pro promoted listing is what he's
talking about.
>> It's pretty crazy.
>> I mean, I understand why they're doing
it.
The live selling is the thing, right?
But
>> yeah, they they obviously got hurt.
Their business got hurt by whatnot. So
they're this is their answer
>> clearly.
Just don't forget where your bread gets
buttered.
And I it is I mean in one way in one
respect I mean I could see where
potentially I don't you never know
what's going to really happen. I could
see where potentially that could end up
helping because if you can get these
sellers
off of whatnot and over to eBay
>> Mhm.
then you have more people that are just
going to eBay and they'll maybe think of
eBay the next time they want to buy
something that's not for sale live,
right? So,
>> if that does it it could potentially I
don't know if it will or not. I'm just
talk I'm just spitballing.
>> Could potentially create more users for
everybody.
>> Poshmark has lives also.
I've been Man, we I've been I've been
wanting to I've been thinking about
trying some of this stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't know. What do you think?
>> Oh my gosh. I just I wouldn't even Well,
I mean, first of all, I don't even know
where to start, you know? Like,
and what would we sell? You know, cuz we
have such we don't we have such a mix of
things we sell, you know? There are
plenty of people
There are plenty of people that sell
just random stuff.
>> Really?
>> They have a
>> I didn't know that.
>> Yeah, I didn't know it either. They have
a storage
They I think they have like a storage
unit category or something.
>> You just go buy a storage unit, open up
and sell right out of there. Huh.
>> Some people actually do that.
>> But yeah, they have like And it's like a
random type category. H.
>> So, I I mean I that'll never be like our
I don't think anyways our only way of
selling, but I'm open to trying it.
>> Yeah,
>> I am. It's Candace. Especially with
those clothes.
>> Oh, I know. We have a lot of clothes.
>> We got so many clothes, man.
I I just I hear some people say it's so
much work and you hardly make any money.
>> That's the thing, right? Because you see
these piles of packages.
>> Yeah.
>> And flex that,
>> but then how much are you making on that
stuff,
>> right?
>> So, I don't know. It's in the back of my
head. It's a bee in my bonnet. But
I kind of like the way eBay works when
it's working,
you know, like
like not having to be present for the
thing to be sold is kind of nice.
>> Yeah.
>> Like actually, it's very nice.
But the live selling, you could sell
bulk fast. And and and here's here's the
truth, Candace. We're able to source
more than we're able to list.
>> I know
>> you know that.
>> Yep.
>> So that means that okay, let's say we
did live sell some and we did end up
making less than we quote unquote
should. Who cares,
>> right?
>> At the end of the day, it's like how
much money are you making?
>> Yep.
I think it'd be fun.
>> I think we should try it.
We've been talking about trying it
forever.
>> Six months.
>> Yeah. I think we're kind of I'm kind of
scared, too. You know, we could run we
could run a little fun thing, too. Every
every order gets a free magnet. Yeah,
>> we could afford to do that.
>> Yeah,
>> if that's something I
>> could 3D print some other little
chachkis
>> if something if that's something that
people would would even get people to
buy. I don't know.
>> Yeah.
And we'd have to also determine what we
want to sell like that as well. Clothing
for sure. Um,
anything. I mean, we could sell like we
have stacks of cookbooks that aren't
listed.
>> Oh, yeah. People could make their own
bundle.
>> They can.
>> Yeah.
>> You know what we need to You know what
we need to do? We need like where
wherever we decide to do this at.
>> We need to go ahead and watch some
shows.
>> Yeah.
>> And see how it works.
>> Especially if we decide, okay, we want
to do a clothing one. Watch a bunch of
clothing ones and see how they're doing
it. Right. Like, are they measuring on
the spot? Are they just Are they
measuring beforehand? Are they
measuring?
>> Yeah,
>> probably most of them aren't,
>> right?
>> How is this shipping the Man, these are
light.
I may I may be able to go in a smaller
box than this.
>> Two lbs ground advantage.
>> Let me see.
Okay. I ain't going to be able to get
below that. Below a pound. No, they're
0.9 by themselves.
I see uh I see the whatnot sellers using
uh
priority boxes a lot.
>> Yeah. So from what I understand
basically is you get a big flat rate box
and people the people try to fill their
box up basically to make it worth their
while,
>> right?
>> So they buy more to
>> I don't understand exactly the mechanics
but yes. Yeah. So it's kind of like once
they buy something
>> you need to have a whatnot seller on
your podcast and you grill them.
>> Yeah.
Kind of already did.
I'm not going to uh we're not disclosing
or we're not disclosing the next the
next pod drop yet.
>> Oh, okay. Yeah.
>> But yeah,
it's kind of the genesis of the reason
I'm talking about it this morning,
>> right?
>> It's kind of on my on my brain,
>> So, you talked a lot about that.
>> I don't want to talk about it.
>> Okay.
>> Cuz I'll give I'll give stuff away. I
don't want to do that.
>> Okay.
Yeah.
>> So secretive.
>> They did a little bit.
It's a good episode.
Won't be out for a week though.
Oh, and I booked uh
Ryan booked last night's guest.
>> Oh, yeah. I booked I booked a really
good guest um for after next week.
>> Who's that?
>> Um Tesla Picker.
>> Oh,
>> he's back.
>> I didn't know.
>> Yeah, I've been check I've been checking
That's Dave over at uh Tesla Picker.
I've been checking um
fairly often to see if he's uploaded.
Yeah,
>> cuz I think it's been over a year and
he, you know, he's a part-time seller
and uh but man, his videos are so fun,
so good. So, yeah, he's he's back. He
released a video yesterday. I was like,
"Wow, look." And first thing I thought,
we got to have him on.
>> Yeah,
>> because I wanted to have him on anyways,
but I was like, you know,
>> he didn't really have anything to
promote,
>> right? I kind of like part of the reason
we're doing the whole podcast thing is
to help like we're like it really is I
know it's going to sound silly and we
really are trying to give back and do
good for others and and help people out.
>> Yeah.
>> So that's why like we want to have
people on that are you know to promote
themselves,
>> right?
>> To promote their channel or whatever it
is they're doing
>> in most cases. Some cases we have them
on to promote us,
>> right? like some of the big ones, but
some of the some most of the people that
we we it's people that we want to
promote and and
>> that was the genesis of the uh podcast.
The idea for the podcast was Yeah. to
get back. Yeah.
>> So, uh yeah, I'm very excited. Dave's
going to do the podcast. As soon as I
saw I'm like, "Yep, I'm going to invite
him on now." Got it. No, he put uh he um
he got he bought a shed. He has a him
and his buddy I think put a shed
together in the backyard and he's
getting he's getting back
>> getting back into it. Okay, we're going
to take a quick break, y'all.
>> Okay. All right, so we got a uh
>> Harley rain suit.
>> Yeah,
>> we're back. By the way, we gathered up
the packages we had so far and those are
waiting carrier. And now we're going to
continue with the rest of our packing.
Yeah, this little Harley rain suit in a
pouch. Uh kind of pricey. Pre-owned. 60
bucks.
>> Yeah.
I find most Harley stuff we can't even
buy usually because people value the
Harley name much more than the products
are usually actually worth.
>> Especially boots. Yeah. They're they're
just not a good resale thing for some
reason.
>> They're not Well, the reason is I think
they're not very high quality. Let's be
honest. I I don't think
>> the boots are not in my opinion. The
women's Harley boots always look so cool
to me, but they're just
>> they're they're they seem pretty cheaply
made though to me.
>> Most of them. Yeah. Yeah.
>> I mean, we've never been able to get
much money for them. I'll tell you that.
>> I've learned and not like if I pick up
some combat boots and I see Harley on
there, I set them right back down.
>> It's a hard sell.
>> Yeah.
>> Unless I mean, unless we get them super
duper cheap and they're in fantastic
condition. I mean,
>> Right.
>> All right. We got a Twinkle, one of one
of Candace's Pop Mart things.
Yeah, those things have been the popcorn
stuff's been picking up steam in there.
>> Yeah. What's up with that?
>> I don't know. So, I'm thinking I need to
list some more.
>> I didn't know you had more.
>> I do.
>> Oh, well, yeah. If you have more, you
should.
>> I do. It kind of died down after
Christmas, but now it's picking back up.
So, I think I might start listing a few
a day.
>> Wow. How many more you got? They need to
be up. Yeah.
>> In fact, I pulled two over there I was
going to get to yesterday and didn't get
to them
>> cuz that man that market could collapse
any I mean it might although it's been
going strong for a while it could
collapse any time.
>> I don't think so. In fact, there's a
Leubu movie coming out.
>> Is there?
>> Yeah.
>> Really?
>> I don't know when it's coming out, but
it's in the works. Yeah, they're doing a
Laboo movie. They are milking that
industry.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Huh. It's kind of surprising,
>> but the the dieh hard PopMart fans
collect the other stuff like this, like
uh Twinkle, Twinkle, Crybaby, uh Peach
Riot,
>> the Molly. Molly,
>> the Mollies. Yeah. Yep.
Okay. All right. Oh, this box is kind of
big. Let me see.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh.
It's bigger than I thought. Okay, I need
to go get a uh I'm going to go grab a 14
1410 box.
All right, so this is um went and got
that 14 1410. This um
this port hole cover picture frame
thing. This is something we've actually
sold before.
>> Yeah.
>> So I I knew it was going to be a pretty
quick sale.
>> It's a Carnival Cruise Line one. Yeah.
Make sure there's not motion too much
motion in the ocean in there. Nope.
All right. Cop that in there. Okay. All
right. And this box is strong enough
such that I can make it make this pretty
tight.
But I am going to use a 144 1410 which
is one of my new u I like these boxes
>> those are from Zor. Yeah,
I used to do I used to do a similar
method like this using a uh the 16
cubes, but the 16 cubes are a lot more
expensive and I don't normally need
>> Yeah, you end up cutting a lot off.
>> Right. And I'm still going to cut off
some here, but I don't normally need uh
that much quite that big of a box. So,
this works out a lot of times. Yeah, we
have a lot of stuff that's needs the 14
in,
>> right? Because a lot of products are 12
>> right?
>> So, and depending on how fragile they
are, th a lot of times this is
sufficient.
>> Yeah.
>> So, this box I very rarely will use this
box without modifying it in some some
fashion.
A lot of them
>> new blade.
>> Yeah, I just changed the blade out uh
day before yesterday. Last time I packed
cut some of these off. I think I might
have to keep one.
>> Is it This is the box where it's too
long.
>> The flap.
>> Oh, what you mean? Well, it depends on
how
>> how you size it,
>> right?
>> Yeah. In this case, it would have been.
So, uh, let's see what our weight is
right now. I'm just curious.
>> Oh, right. At
>> Yeah, but I haven't put any packing
material in there yet. So,
>> and three is what we calculated.
>> Well, it ain't going to be three.
It's going to be four.
I don't know why I put three.
So,
let me see. Let me see where it's at.
I do have a little flap I could probably
get rid of. Actually, a lot. Let me see
how close I am now.
>> I'm close enough.
>> Let me see how tall it's going to be. I
can go ahead and start figuring out
shipping.
>> I'm going to get this thing on to wait.
>> I'm going to get this thing down. I can
do it. There's plenty of flap
that I can remove
and not disrupt the integrity of the box
too much.
All right. See how close I am now.
Okay. I'm right at 3 lbs now with no
tape.
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
Let's see. Where else can I get a little
FL? I I can cut a little more off here
and cut off enough to account for the
tape.
That's all I can take off of the top.
>> Yeah,
that'll probably do it.
>> If this does it, that's great. If it
doesn't, I'm going to go I'm going to
open up the bottom and cut some of the
bottom flap.
only because the product isn't a sturdy
box itself.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's there's no problem
there.
>> Oh.
>> Oh, we're still good.
>> Yeah. 2.98. Awesome.
>> Good deal.
Followed by an extremely easy pack.
>> Let just double check. Yep. Yep. Yep.
All right. I've gotten to the point
where I don't even like using
bubble mailers lately. I don't know.
Not for small stuff. Anyways,
it's going to ship at 4 oz regardless.
Sam.
>> All right. That was a fast one.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. This is a fast one here cuz
it's already packed.
>> Just got to slide that card in there
pretty much.
>> That's it. Yeah. Started uh
in preparation for that, I've begun
using painters tape.
>> Ah. as a temporary seal
>> when you know you're going to use that
bag. Yeah, I like it.
>> So that way I don't
Oops.
Those are heavy, huh?
>> Yeah.
>> Were they about 3 lbs?
>> Yep.
>> Okay. More eye pencils. Boy, it's going
to be sad when we run out of these. Huh?
>> I know. Those have been fun.
>> What if she had
>> cases of them?
>> Man, we should have talked to her more.
You know that?
>> Well, I feel like that she knew what we
were doing with them and
>> we still should have asked,
>> but I feel like she probably would have
told us,
especially when we when we bought the
cases of condition. You know,
>> that probably wasn't the best part of
our buy of that stuff.
If it sells, it'll be great. I'm just
not
>> We might have to bust up open those
cases and sell them.
>> There's not a there's not a huge demand
for that stuff.
>> Yeah, I know. People do like little
travel sizes for going on vacations,
though. You know,
>> they might they'll probably sell.
But yeah, we you know, you're right,
Candace, but about her. But we really
should have
>> Oh, yeah.
>> We really should have probed more.
>> Do you have more?
>> Yeah. Oh, yeah. if we don't mind driving
back another day.
>> I've got a warehouse full,
>> right?
>> Yeah. Especially, of course, also I
don't I don't I feel like we didn't know
how good they were when we bought them
either, though,
>> right?
>> Exactly. You know,
>> like it's one thing when you see 10 $15
pricing.
>> Here's the situation. We bought all
these Urban Decay eyeliners for a dollar
a whack and some of them were worth 20
$25 cuz the colors are discontinued. But
but heck, Candace, even the ones that
are even $10, that's awesome.
>> Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
>> Because of the amount of work involved.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> In the whole thing,
>> it's like that's a situation where I'm
not sure that this probably
that's Yeah, that's a little too small.
Let me use a vinyl mailer
like that. Like we talk about $10 stuff
often.
you know, and how like typically we want
to be above that.
>> But something little like that, easy to
pack, easy to list.
>> This stuff I would we could easily ship,
you know, we could like if it's
something where I can visualize, okay,
if we sold a hundred of these a day,
every day, our packing would probably be
about an hour,
>> right?
>> You know, like
>> I did do a little extra on the listings.
is I went and found the stock image of
what the color looks like.
>> Are we completely out of the the large
uh poly's our own polies?
>> Mm- up there.
>> Oh, okay.
>> Those are a little bigger than the ones
you've been using.
>> Okay.
>> Just a little.
>> I just want some
>> I need to order some really big bigger
ones.
>> We need some that are the size of those
uh ground advantage ones because I I do
like we're not going to use those for
interior packing. No, but we'll we'll
use them for some clothing and stuff
>> and for like this kind of situation, you
know.
>> You're in the home stretch now.
>> Yeah, this is a
>> pretty easy packing.
>> Interesting. Interesting packing day,
huh? It's like
>> I can I can deal with this kind of
packing day.
>> Yeah.
>> Pretty decent volume. Um,
nothing. We didn't clear out a whole lot
of shelf space today though, did we?
>> No, it was all pretty small stuff.
>> Very little.
>> Nothing big going out.
Yeah, that port hole picture frame was
our biggest thing, I think.
>> No kidding.
>> Yeah,
>> it wasn't.
All right, here we go.
Oh, we still have a pretty good many
things.
>> Yeah,
>> let's see. Pink Floyd hat
kind of overpaid for a little bit, but
that's but we sold it fast, so that's
good.
>> Yep.
>> I think we paid $4 for that. Whenever I
get around to editing that footage, I'll
find out for sure.
All right.
This is a a a smaller like it's an adult
size,
>> but it's not it's definitely not one of
the
>> Yeah.
>> large brim hats, though. That's for
sure.
>> Like a fitted dad dad cap, huh?
>> Right.
Makes sense. Pink Floyd.
>> It's going to a girl. So, uh, that's
good.
Okay.
Some of these Lucasy.
You double check this?
>> Yep.
>> Okay. Cuz we have
two orders of these Lucasy things going
out.
>> Yep. Well, that's the order that they're
all black. And then this is our one
where they bought four different kinds.
>> How many are supposed to be here?
>> 10 total. Five pair.
>> There's five pair in here.
>> Wow. Okay.
Boy, that Luc Casey stuff is awesome,
man.
>> Yep.
>> I could have done this in a bubble
mailer.
>> That is a hundred and something dollar
order, though.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> All right. You'll get a box.
>> Yeah.
>> Like $125, right? Okay. Yeah. All right.
Yeah, they can get a box.
>> If I ever bought those, I would
appreciate a box.
>> Fair enough. You're right.
They get boxed.
Doesn't make a difference as far as
um
you know the the condition of the stuff
cuz I mean it's going to make it anyway.
All right. So, this is the eBay one.
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
Yeah. Look, it's 8 ounces.
>> Yeah.
>> Is this the last pack right here?
>> That is.
>> Okay.
All right.
Yeah, this is a I appreciate a nice
packing day like this where the orders
are still pretty good and
we can get in and out.
Back to editing and listening.
Sitting the same buyer, is it?
>> No, it's two different platforms.
>> I know
>> it's not.
>> Okay.
One's a guy, one's a girl.
All right, that's it. Yep.
>> Okay, so that is going to be it for this
one. Thanks so much for joining us
today. We'll see y'all again very soon.
Bye y'all.
>> Bye.